>> Brian Holt: So let's go back to our
my MCP that we were developing before.
Let's implement a tool
that just creates issues.
So let's go to VS code, not this one,
we're gonna get rid of this one.
I think we're done with this one.
For the rest of the class, we want just
the issue tracker, which is this one.
Okay, and we're here in my MCP.
So the way that I chose to do this is
I'm going to create another file here,
call something like API based tools.
Okay, and I'm gonna import Z from Zod.
We're going to export a default function
that basically defines all these tools.
So we can keep it in two separate files.
API based tools server and
then down here at the bottom.
Actually, we don't need to
do that because we did that.
This server will be our MCP server
that we defined here in main JS.
Okay.
We're going to say const API base URL is
assigned process env apibaseurl by default
we'll have it be HTTP localhost3000.
That's what I have the API
server running on.
You could also do 5,173 as
long as the front end server
was running because it's
proxying it through vite/API.
Okay.
And then we're going to make
a helper function here.
Async function makeRequest,
have a method url,
data = null and
options = blah.
We'll use this for
the rest of our requests.
Const config equals method headers.
It's always gonna be a JSON type, right,
content type, application/json and...
Options.headers.
And then if data, then config.body
= JSON.stringify data.
I mean, I'm basically
reimplementing Axios here, right,
you probably could have just
done this all with Axios.
Const response =
await fetch url config
const result = await
response text,
let jsonResult try
jsonResult = JSON
parse and catch.
If it fails to parse,
just make it the actual result.
Okay, and then we'll return status
response.status data jsonResult and
headers will be object from entries
response.headers.entries.
I didn't do that at the top, did I?
No, I don't think I did.
Yeah, up here.
Sorry.
Above data.
Just making sure that the headers
get passed in as well.
Const headers,
options, other
options Right there.
Object assign config other options.
So just pulling in the options from
this and making it More flexible.
Okay, and then catch error down here and
return status zero error error.message.
Okay, so now we have something
that can make requests and
then we're going to come down here,
make sure that we're in
the right function here,
purple one, there we go.
Server.registerTool
issue-create title
create issue description.
Create a new issue in our issue
tracker input schema.
We have quite a few here.
Title will be
a z.string.describe issue title.
So again, whatever you put in describe
is pretty important, with sod, whatever,
who cares, right?
But specifically with MCP service,
it's really important here
because this is what the LLM is
gonna use to decide to put in here.
Status.
What do we need to do description first,
description Z.string.optional.
Because it is optional,
describe issue description
status Z enumerated type enum and
it can be not started
in progress or done.
It is optional and
describe, I put just
issue status in here.
These are probably not
the best descriptions of them,
but I also wasn't having
any issues with it.
So it's one of those things
like you kind of just go
as far as you need to go until spaces two,
please.
Spaces two, please.
There we go.
Priority Z Enum.
This is low, medium,
high, and urgent,
and it's optional.
So the amount of times I've actually
authored these things by hand is
pretty low.
Usually I'll like take like a open API
spec or something like that and feed that
into like CLAUDE code and say, hey, write
like a basic MCP server with this and
then I'll go just fine tune it after
it gets like a nice framework for it.
That being said, it is useful for
you to kind of like see like how the,
how the sausage is made, right?
This is priority assigned
user id z.string.optional.
If you've taken any of my courses, you're
probably aware I like making users or
students feel pain first before they start
using the tools to alleviate the pain.
Like it definitely happened when I was
using Docker where I used to like fear
Docker and
like you find it very frictionful until
I actually dug under the hood and
realized what it does for me and
like I could go do all this stuff myself.
But when you start messing with networking
stacks and things don't work, then you're
like, thank you Docker for just handling
all of the networking stack for me.
Same kind of thing here.
Like once you realize what
the LLM is doing for you,
you like won't be afraid to get
in there and start digging in and
figuring out like why is the LLM
doing these silly things.
Tag ids z.array of
z.number.optional describe-
Describe here as tags id optional
describe array array of tag ids.
Okay, and
then you need an API key here at the end,
which is a string Z string describe
API key for authenticating.
That's probably redundant,
I just need that.
Okay, so that's everything it expects.
And now we've made up all the machinery.
This makes it really easy.
Async params and
this is just going to.
This probably needs to be outside that,
doesn't it?
Yeah, there we go.
The async function lives as sibling
to this object, not inside of it.
That's what I was doing wrong.
Okay, const api
key issue data = params.
This is destructuring, I assume by this
point most of you have probably seen this
before, but
I'm just pulling out API key and
then everything else into another
object called issue data.
Then const result is going
to be await make request.
It's going to be a post.
We're going to go
to apibaseurl/issues,
issue data and headers.
We're going to add x API key.
I think this is all.
Did I do this with better auth?
I think I did this all with better auth.
So this is all better auth stuff,
which is great, by the way.
They just raised a bunch of money
from Y Combinator, I think.
Okay, so now we have the results here.
After we're doing that,
we're gonna say return
content type is text and
text is going to
be JSON.stringify
result null 2.
Notice I'm doing like a little bit
of spacing, which is not super,
it's more tokens because you're
putting more whitespace into it.
But I have found that adding
additional space does help agents and
LLMs interpret the data more
correctly because it doesn't have
to disambiguate like where
do I hack the string apart?
You could probably get away with one,
but that sounds strange.
So I'm gonna do two, just for
my own comfort's sake.
Okay.
I mean, this was a lot to write, but
a lot of like,
not new concepts here, right?
But this is more descriptive,
more real life of what.
What this would actually look like
building one of these MCP tools.